1. When something from the backlog is marked as done from the backlog add it to this week's links, and add to slush if it wasn't added to topics/favourites. Also add a checkbox when adding links to set all added links to done automatically (and move to this weeks links implicitly)
2. The editor text (such as on the topics page) can end up unreadable. Make sure the editor text follows the themes that have been defined
3. Add a "review" option in the slush that allows you to re-schedule a read link/resource for another week. In the link view add a new section called `history` which tells you which weeks the link was added to. Then in the week view split everything up into this week's backlog, review, and at the bottom of the page, done items
4. Add the ability to backdate entries
5. Allow me to delete topics
6. Add statistics to each week for how many notes were taken across the links for the week
7. Add a statistics section for each origin (e.g. kieranwood.ca, youtube.com, etc.). this should include the total number of links and resources, as well as how many ended up in slush, favourites and topics pages (ignore tags, don't need statistics for those).
8. Because the data can get so large, when doing exports allow for specifying whether to export all note data (as it currently does), just the links in favourites/tags/topics, or just data within a given time range. In the UI organize this into subsections of the overall `backup` section, and give helptext to make everything clear. 
9. Always show the Share/import options for the theme. Additionally show the plaintext version of the current theme with a copy-to-clipboard button
10. Allow for selecting multiple focus tags for automation, and split the quota between items from each tag (e.g. I select 3 as a quota and have the tags databases, and history, then I should get 2 links from databases, and 1 from history, while also not repeating the same link)
11. Add options to enable striping query params when entering links. Additionally in the settings allow for default preferences on how to handle links. For example if in the `link handling` section `strip query params` is selected, then the checkbox for strip query params will be checked in the link entering section on the backlog page. Additionally in the settings page give a preview of what this would look like with several example URL's. For example if someone had "Default remove query strings" enabled show something like, "with your current settings: https://kieranwood.ca -> https://kieranwood.ca \n https://kieranwood.ca/?ref=dailydev -> https://kieranwood.ca
12. Allow me to create resource lists that will let me group resources. For example a CLI resource list might include GitHub links to CLI projects, etc. Give me a list of them on the resources page, with an overview page for each that includes a description, and the ability to export them to a plain markdown list of links (in [title](link) form), plain txt (one link per line with no title), csv and JSON. 
13. On the `this week` tab instead of clicking arrows, give each link a handle to drag around, and an x in the top corner to delete
14. If it reaches the end of the week, close the week, and for items are still not marked as done, move them back to the backlog
15. Order the backlog so items that are not done appear above items that are
16. Paginate done backlog items to most recent 100
17. Add a seeding system with 3 months worth of data, averaging 20 links a week, 3 topics pages, and a handful of favourites and resources. Add this to the danger zone section of the settings
18. When copying from a tab obsidian supports automatically pulling the title of the tab, add this to the capture
